com/application/app/databinding/ActivityIniciozeroBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityIniciozeroBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityDonacionesBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityDonacionesBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivitySelecciNAlimentosBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivitySelecciNAlimentosBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityCargandoBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityCargandoBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/application/app/databinding/RowListlabel1Binding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.RowListlabel1Binding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityDineroFormularioBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityDineroFormularioBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityQhacemosBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityQhacemosBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/RowListlabelBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.RowListlabelBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityDineroBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityDineroBindingImpl
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityDineroBindingImpl$1
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityResumenFoodDonationsBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityResumenFoodDonationsBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityVerRecetasBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityVerRecetasBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityRecetasIntentoBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityRecetasIntentoBinding
com/application/app/BR.java
 com.application.app.BR
com/application/app/databinding/SpinnerItemBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.SpinnerItemBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityResumenHigieneYlimpiezaBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityResumenHigieneYlimpiezaBinding
com/application/app/databinding/RowListlabelBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.RowListlabelBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityMensajeDonaciNBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityMensajeDonaciNBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityAlimentosBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityAlimentosBinding
com/application/app/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.application.app.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityVoluntariadoBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityVoluntariadoBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/SpinnerItemBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.SpinnerItemBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityStripeBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityStripeBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityMenPrincipalBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityMenPrincipalBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityIniciozeroBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityIniciozeroBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityEmbutidosBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityEmbutidosBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/FragmentArticuloBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.FragmentArticuloBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityRecetasIntentoBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityRecetasIntentoBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityHigieneYLimpiezaBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityHigieneYLimpiezaBindingImpl
com/application/app/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.application.app.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.application.app.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.application.app.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityEmbutidosBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityEmbutidosBinding
com/application/app/databinding/RowVoluntariadoBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.RowVoluntariadoBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityAlimentosBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityAlimentosBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityFormularioComunBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityFormularioComunBinding
com/application/app/databinding/RowVoluntariadoBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.RowVoluntariadoBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityFormularioDonaciNBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityFormularioDonaciNBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityRecetasFiltradasBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityRecetasFiltradasBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityMenPrincipalBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityMenPrincipalBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityStripeBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityStripeBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityQhacemosBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityQhacemosBinding
com/application/app/databinding/RowNewRecetaBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.RowNewRecetaBinding
com/application/app/databinding/RowListrectanglefourteenBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.RowListrectanglefourteenBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityFormularioDonaciNBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityFormularioDonaciNBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityFoodDonationsBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityFoodDonationsBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityMensajeDineroBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityMensajeDineroBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityDineroBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityDineroBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityIniciooneBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityIniciooneBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityFoodDonationsBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityFoodDonationsBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/RowListrectanglefourteenBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.RowListrectanglefourteenBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityResumenHigieneYlimpiezaBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityResumenHigieneYlimpiezaBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/FragmentVerRecetaBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.FragmentVerRecetaBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityFormularioOtroAlimentoBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityFormularioOtroAlimentoBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityFrutasYverdurasBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityFrutasYverdurasBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityFormularioOtroAlimentoBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityFormularioOtroAlimentoBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityRecetasFiltradasBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityRecetasFiltradasBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivitySelecciNAlimentosBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivitySelecciNAlimentosBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityIniciooneBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityIniciooneBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityCargandoBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityCargandoBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityDonacionesBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityDonacionesBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityVerRecetasBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityVerRecetasBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityInicioBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityInicioBinding
com/application/app/modules/recetas/ui/Recetita.java
 com.application.app.modules.recetas.ui.Recetita
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityMensajeDineroBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityMensajeDineroBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityInicioBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityInicioBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityCanastaBasicaBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityCanastaBasicaBinding
com/application/app/databinding/LayoutProgressDialogBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.LayoutProgressDialogBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityVoluntariadoBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityVoluntariadoBinding
com/application/app/BuildConfig.java
 com.application.app.BuildConfig
com/application/app/databinding/RowListlabel1BindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.RowListlabel1BindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityAbarrotesBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityAbarrotesBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityResumenFoodDonationsBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityResumenFoodDonationsBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/FragmentVerRecetaBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.FragmentVerRecetaBinding
com/application/app/databinding/FragmentArticuloBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.FragmentArticuloBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityFrutasYverdurasBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityFrutasYverdurasBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityHigieneYLimpiezaBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityHigieneYLimpiezaBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityAbarrotesBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityAbarrotesBindingImpl
com/application/app/databinding/LayoutProgressDialogBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.LayoutProgressDialogBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityMensajeDonaciNBinding.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityMensajeDonaciNBinding
com/application/app/databinding/ActivityCanastaBasicaBindingImpl.java
 com.application.app.databinding.ActivityCanastaBasicaBindingImpl
com/application/app/Stripe.java
 com.application.app.Stripe
 com.application.app.Stripe$1
 com.application.app.Stripe$10
 com.application.app.Stripe$11
 com.application.app.Stripe$12
 com.application.app.Stripe$13
 com.application.app.Stripe$2
 com.application.app.Stripe$3
 com.application.app.Stripe$4
 com.application.app.Stripe$5
 com.application.app.Stripe$6
 com.application.app.Stripe$7
 com.application.app.Stripe$8
 com.application.app.Stripe$9
